Hey everyone, welcome to Policy X.  If you're
new here, hit the subscribe button and
don't forget to turn on the notification bell.
Today we are going to talk about a plan
which not only promises but also
provides coverage up to Rs 1 crore.  That too
with very low premium amount.  And this
plan is not from any ordinary insurance company, it is
from ICICI LBRD which is a very
trusted company.  The name of this plan is
Max Protect Health Plan.  ICICI LBR
Max Pro comes in two variants – Classic
and Premium.  If you are an individual or a
family, you can choose this plan for both of you.
Both options are available.
ICU major surgeries, online doctor
consultations or AYUSH treatments, everything is
covered in this plan.  There is
no hassle of paperwork as the entire
process is digital.  Plan Details Entry
Age 21 to 65 years.  Policy term: One, two or
three years.  Sum insured up to Rs 1 crore.
Type Individual or Family Floater.
Renewability Life Long and Waiting
Period Initial 30 Days.  Suppose you
are 35 years old and want to take a family floater,
then you can join this plan with your spouse and two children.  The
list of coverage includes AYUSH treatments, inpatient
hospitalization, ICU charges and room
rent, pre and post hospitalization care i.e. care
60 days before and 180 days
after treatment, domiciliary i.e. treatment at home
, organ donor expenses, day
care treatments or cather surgeries and e-
consultations are also covered.  This plan
is perfect for those who want to be prepared for
major injuries or
major medical emergencies along with preventive healthcare measures.
Now let's talk about some
unique benefits.  Claim Protector
Premium variant
offers a 20% no claim bonus for every claim-free year.
10 to 15% discount on multi-year policies.
Bariatric surgery is covered if medically
recommended.  Optional worldwide
coverage is also available and
tax benefits are also available under Section 80D.  Now some
important things like
what is not covered in this plan.  Cosmetic
surgery, obesity treatments, infertility
or maternity-related treatments,
experimental or unproven therapies, any
war-related injuries, or self-harm.
If you want to get treatment for any pre-existing illness,
then there is a waiting
period of at least 48 months.  And if you
choose a rider, this waiting period reduces to
24 months.  If you are
looking for a plan that offers high coverage,
smart benefits and a trusted claim
record, ICICI Loboard Max
Protect is a strong candidate.  Reset
sum insured wellness burgux more in
treatment coverage everything is available.  And their
claim settlement ratio is 97.7%
which is a signal of a trusted insurer.  So
if you are thinking of
buying health insurance, please
visit the policy.com website and choose from the 1
crore options available.  And
if you need expert guidance, our
advisors are available on call and on
WhatsApp and trust me with no spam and
no games.  They want for you.  If you
liked today's video, please
like it, share it
with someone who will benefit from this policy, and
subscribe to our channel.  I'll
see you in our next video.